PSMDB-1372 Pro builds documentation (6.0) (#788)
percona/psmdb-docs: docs/psmdb-pro.md

# Percona Server for MongoDB Pro

Percona Server for MongoDB Pro includes [solutions](#solutions) typically demanded by large enterprises. Percona Server for MongoDB Pro is wrapped in packages created and tested by Percona. These packages are supported only for paying Percona Customers with a subscription.

[Become a Percona Customer](https://www.percona.com/about/contact){.md-button}

## Solutions

Find the list of solutions available in Percona Server for MongoDB Pro:

| Name                                | Version added | Description  | 
| ----------------------------------- | ------------- | -------------

> | [FIPS compliance module](fips.md)| [6.0.9-7](release_notes/6.0.9-7.md) | Enables US organizations to introduce FIPS-compliant encryption and thus meet the requirements towards data security |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [FIPS support ](fips.md)| [6.0.9-7](release_notes/6.0.9-7.md) | Enables US organizations to introduce FIPS-compliant encryption and thus meet the requirements towards data security |
```
I wouldn't say we have added any module, it's rather FIPS support when PSMDB can use proper SSL/TLS libraries
